Runic forms, inscriptions.
This is the work of my whole life.
The more I looked, the more I saw
similar shapes in the stars overhead.  It was then that
I dedicated myself to
searching for runes.
As Farrow kindly explained, runes
are very powerful and ancient inscriptions,
and they can be embedded into objects
to imbue them with greater power.
During the league, glyphing relics will
allow you to choose
from a variety of different runes
to enhance your items.
When you encounter a relic, it will have
several nests, ranging from two
to seven.
The more nests there are, the more difficult the battle at the relic is,
but the more options you will have to choose from.
Early in the game, you can
craft simple
damage or resistance runes
that are available at a
lower level
than normal,
giving you a nice power boost.
But things quickly get more interesting.
There are 22 runes to add
or modify the runic barrier of a
new resource that
can protect you from death.
Using these runes, you can add an extra
layer of defense or transform your runic barrier
into an offensive weapon using
Kaluuran rune skills.
There are also 13 runes that add
weapon-specific abilities,
such as this one that gives
grenades a second chance to explode.
Or this one, which gives you a new
buff called Druidism
when you heavily stun enemies.
Additionally,
there are 22 runes designed
to buff you at low levels,
like this one that gives
you a lot of elemental resistance,
or this one that gives
you a lot of spirit.
These runes are designed to be powerful,
but their value decreases as they level up.
They are great for quickly
leveling up the second character in the league.
We also have six runes
that can be used
to expand the property set
used in high-level crafting.
For example, you can slot
Katla's Gloom into gloves, which will
allow you to create a
variety of new decay properties
that can be used for
damage over time builds.
After installing a rune of this type,
use regular Exalted or Chaos Orbs
to try to gain new properties.
There are also runes
that have one-time
powerful effects on items
but are permanently bound to the socket,
such as this one, which allows any
item to gain an additional suffix.
Or this one, which allows you
to create a nest for a gem.
Or this series of runes
that can transform any
elemental property from one element to another.
There is even a rune that can
upgrade any other rune,
allowing them to be upgraded
beyond the normal limit.  The
last rune I want to show
you today is Aldur's Legacy.  A
special rune that can be installed into any Kalguuran or
Ezomyte unique item to destroy it,
but in doing so, create a new rune that
inherits some of the unique item's properties.
For example,
use it on Flatfoot to
create the Flatfoot Heritage rune.
Equip it into any boot, and
like the unique item
it came from,
you'll deal 10% overkill damage to
all enemies within two meters.
How about Legacy of the Twisted Firmament?
Destroy the Twisted Firmament
and you will be able to add Cold damage based on
your maximum Mana to any weapon.
With Aldur's Legacy, you can
create about a hundred more runes
with all sorts of unique effects.
At this point you might be thinking,
"That's a lot of new runes,"
and you'd be right.
After all, these are the Runes of Aldur.
But we didn't want to leave the
old runes unattended.
A lot of old runes
that weren't used
will also be improved,
which will greatly increase
the efficiency of the crafting system.
Explore all the possibilities of runes
in the Rise of the Ancients expansion,
coming May 29th.  See you!